Pin official default images (#1526)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/10-server-config.md

List of event names that will be canceled when a new pipeline for the same context (tag, branch) is created.

### `WOODPECKER_DEFAULT_CLONE_IMAGE`

> > Default is defined in [shared/constant/constant.go](https://github.com/woodpecker-ci/woodpecker/blob/release/v0.15/shared/constant/constant.go)

Author: ```suggestion
> Default is defined in [shared/constant/constant.go](https://github.com/woodpecker-ci/woodpecker/blob/master/shared/constant/constant.go)
```
